Using Cache headers to cache dynamic responses guide (#442)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/using-cache-headers-to-cache-dynamic-responses.mdx

Now supports the use of HTTP `Cache-Control` response headers to cache dynamic responses in your app.

## Set Up Cache Headers

To cache the dynamic responses from your deployment, go ahead and manually set a `Cache-Control` response header in your application code with a value containing the `s-maxage` parameter.

```
Cache-Control: s-maxage=172800
```

A few things you need to understand:

- `s-maxage`: is used for shared caches. It specifies when the response is to be viewed as stale.
- `172800`: represents 2 days in seconds. After 2 days, the cache will be purged.

You can also instruct Now to cache your deployment responses, while ensuring clients do not cache with the following code:

```
Cache-Control: s-maxage=172800, max-age=0
```

- `max-age=0`: specifies when the response is to be viewed as stale. The zero value indicates that there's no need for client caching.

<Note>
  You can set up <InlineCode>Cache-Control</InlineCode> headers whether you are
  on the Basic or Full CDN.
</Note>

## Default Response Caching

> In a case where no HTTP `Cache-Control` response header is manually set in your code, the Now routing layer automatically sets a `Cache-Control: s-maxage=0`, to instruct Now not to cache any content in shared caches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a case where no HTTP `Cache-Control` response header is manually set in your code, the Now routing layer automatically sets a `Cache-Control: public, max-age=0, must-revalidate`, to instruct Now not to cache any content in shared caches.
```

<Note>

>   By default, static files are cached for a day on all the regions within the

Reviewer: > for a day

Current default is 1mo

>   <GenericLink href="/docs/v2/deployments/concepts/cdn-and-global-distribution/">Basic and Full CDN<GenericLink>.

Reviewer: No such thing as Basic/Full

</Note>

## Immutable Caching

For static files, you can also apply immutable `Cache-Control` response headers. You can manually configure it with the following code:

```

> Cache-Control: maxage=172800,immutable

Reviewer: Might be a good idea to explain the difference between `maxage` and `s-maxage` and why you'd use one of the other:

 - Use `s-maxage` when you want Now proxy caching only (recommended???)
 - Use `maxage` when you want browser caching only
 - Use `max-age=N, public, immutable` when you want caching by both

Now proxy **always** prefer `s-maxage` if present. If not present, it uses `max-age` but **only** if `immutable` or `public` are also present.

Also, `s-maxage` is **always** stripped (it's not used by the browser), `max-age` is **never** stripped

```

> The `immutable` cache directive ensures that the static assets are served to your users faster, thus delivering better performance and less bandwith usage. It is **worthy of note** that the `immutable` caching headers should be used with generated files that have hashes.

Reviewer: "...so that, when you eventually change the file, it will be located in a different URL" (or something like that)
